# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via sphinx
amqp==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
ape-pie==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
asgiref==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-axes
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-structlog
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   webauthn
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   glom
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via webtest
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
bleach==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-markup
    #   open-api-framework
boltons==25.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   face
    #   glom
cbor2==5.6.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   webauthn
celery==5.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   flower
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   open-api-framework
certifi==2025.7.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
commonground-api-common==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
coverage==7.9.2
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
cryptography==45.0.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
    #   webauthn
cssselect==1.3.0
    # via pyquery
django==5.2.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-axes
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-csp
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-fsm-2
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-jsonform
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-markup
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-rest-framework-condition
    #   django-rosetta
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-sessionprofile
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   django-solo
    #   django-structlog
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   django-timeline-logger
    #   django-treebeard
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   django-upgrade-check
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   djangorestframework-inclusions
    #   djangorestframework-recursive
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-polymorphic
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-spectacular-sidecar
    #   maykin-2fa
    #   maykin-common
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   open-api-framework
    #   zgw-consumers
django-admin-index==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-appconf==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-timeline-logger
django-axes==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-capture-tag==1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-csp==3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-extensions==4.1
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
django-filter==25.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   open-api-framework
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-fsm-2==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-hijack==3.7.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-ipware==7.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-structlog
django-jsonform==2.23.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   open-api-framework
django-log-outgoing-requests==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-markup==1.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-ordered-model==3.7.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-admin-index
django-otp==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==8.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-privates==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
django-redis==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-relativedelta==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-rest-framework-condition==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
django-rosetta==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-sendfile2==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-privates
django-sessionprofile==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-setup-configuration==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-simple-certmanager==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-solo==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
django-structlog==9.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-stubs-ext==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-test-migrations==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
django-timeline-logger==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-treebeard==4.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-two-factor-auth==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-2fa
django-upgrade-check==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-webtest==1.9.13
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
djangorestframework==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   djangorestframework-inclusions
    #   djangorestframework-recursive
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-polymorphic
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   open-api-framework
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
djangorestframework-gis==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
djangorestframework-inclusions==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
djangorestframework-recursive==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-markup
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   python-creole
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-tabs
drf-nested-routers==0.94.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
drf-polymorphic==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   open-api-framework
drf-spectacular-sidecar==2025.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
ecs-logging==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
elastic-apm==6.23.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
face==24.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   glom
factory-boy==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test-tools.in
    #   zgw-consumers
faker==37.4.0
    # via
    #   factory-boy
    #   zgw-consumers
flower==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
freezegun==1.5.3
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
furl==2.1.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ape-pie
glom==24.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
humanize==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   flower
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
iso639-lang==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via sphinx
josepy==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
jsonschema==4.24.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
kombu==5.5.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
lxml==6.0.0
    # via pyquery
markdown==3.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-markup
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
maykin-2fa==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
maykin-common==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
mozilla-django-oidc-db==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
multidict==6.6.3
    # via yarl
nh3==0.2.22
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   textile
notifications-api-common==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
open-api-framework==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   furl
oyaml==1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
    #   sphinx
phonenumberslite==8.13.55
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rosetta
prometheus-client==0.22.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   flower
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
propcache==0.3.2
    # via yarl
psycopg==3.2.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
psycopg-binary==3.2.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   psycopg
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-setup-configuration
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-markup
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tabs
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
pyopenssl==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   webauthn
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   qrcode
pyquery==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
python-creole==1.4.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-markup
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   freezegun
python-decouple==3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
    #   pydantic-settings
python-ipware==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-ipware
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   flower
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   oyaml
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   vcrpy
    #   zgw-consumers
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
redis==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-redis
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   textile
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ape-pie
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-rosetta
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   open-api-framework
    #   requests-mock
    #   sphinx
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via zgw-consumers
roman-numerals-py==3.1.0
    # via sphinx
rpds-py==0.26.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-setup-configuration
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
ruff==0.12.3
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-upgrade-check
sentry-sdk==2.33.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   furl
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
smartypants==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-markup
snowballstemmer==3.0.1
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==8.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-rtd-theme==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinx-tabs==3.4.7
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
structlog==25.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-structlog
tblib==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
textile==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-markup
tornado==6.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   flower
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   django-test-migrations
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   psycopg
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyopenssl
    #   qrcode
    #   referencing
    #   typing-inspection
    #   zgw-consumers
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   faker
    #   kombu
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   vcrpy
uwsgi==2.0.30
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
vcrpy==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
waitress==3.0.2
    # via webtest
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webauthn==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
webob==1.8.9
    # via webtest
webtest==3.0.6
    # via django-webtest
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   vcrpy
yarl==1.20.1
    # via vcrpy
zgw-consumers==0.38.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-tools.in
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
